slow mayor fenty the inauguration what
are you expecting it is the city ready
large numbers certainly records we're
doing everything me 25 million people
more than that we're preparing for the
largest numbers no one knows exactly how
many people were gone but the mall can
hold somewhere in that range if anybody
can fill it Barack Obama can and we
we're working very closely with the
Secret Service everyone else to be as
prepared as humanly possible all right
now before you go here what to address
that you do yes okay as a Philadelphian
I think that this crowd size will come
in second to any pin relay with you just
yesterday here is the famous Ben's Chili
Bowl ever heard of it who was there but
our mayor with the president-elect now
if they go inside Bill Cosby lipless
listen to what happens inside the
president-elect goes inside and asks
this question what is a half-smoked he
goes eventually born asked what's a
half-smoked can you believe that I'm
taking my boat back well there's
something else you should know there's
something else you should know you
starting stuff yeah yeah nobody in Ben's
Chili Bowl it says who eats for free at
bens Bill Cosby and no one else but
during the 2008 race they've changed it
who eats for free at bens Bill Cosby and
the Obama family yeah you're not alone
baby he said backstage that Obama hadn't
earned it mr. I am saying also that the
only / there two people Michelle and his
mother-in-law I don't mind them but he
has not earned it get it come a long way
Jack before you can defend his likeness
but the mayor brought him to try to
boost his name
yeah thing his name car he's upset
because I had the first half smoked at
the new baseball stadium bitch to the
head you raised a half I'd beat bill
kazi that's what you say so bear what
did you talk about yesterday how's he
feeling oh he's doing great and asked
him that question as is his family and
he he's very concerned about the city
issues we talked about schools
affordable housing voting rights here in
Washington DC of course but his energy
is high and I saw him the entire
campaign I think he's excited to come
into this position within one week of
being in DC is already getting out and
about that's a great sign for him and
for the country and congresswoman